Title: Fashionista
Author: Subhasree Kurusamy

OBJECTIVE:
	To create a online shopping of fashion items and accessories using MEAN stack and deploying in AWS with the help of Docker.


Technologies Used:
	1. Visual Studio Code
	2. Angular
	3. Bootstrap
	4. Node JS
	5. MongoDB ( using Mongo Atlas)
	6. AWS cloud services.
	7. Github.

Command to Run:
	FrontEnd: ng serve --proxy-config proxy.config.json 
	BackEnd: node server.js

General Execution Logic:
	Request: Front end Angular ----> Service ----> MongoDb
	Response: MongoDb ----> Service ----> Front end Angular
	
Pre-Requirements:
	1. Proper Validation is done for all form Elements.
	2. Reactive Form modules are used.
	3. Pop up messages are displayed to show the status of the current operation.
	4. The name and Email of the user is maintained throughout the portal using the session 

Description:
	
	Login Page:
		1. It requires email and Password to login successfully.
		2. This module also contains Creating a New User and Forgot Password 
	Forgot Password:
		1. This has a form to enter the mail id.
		2. Incase of valid mail id, mail is being send to the user with the old password.
	New User:
		1. New Users can create a new account to start purchasing by completing all details in the given form.
	Admin Operations:
		After successful admin login, the admins is allowed to perform the following operations.
		1. View Product Details:
			View all the product details available in the store as a table format.
		2. Update Product Details:
			The admin can update the product. i.e The product quantity can be increased or decreased or deleting the entire product.
		3. Add a new Product:
			This module allows the admin to add the new product and throws error if the product is already available.
			Each Product is uniquely identified using the Product id.
		4. View User Details:
			The basic information about the users in the store will be loaded as a form in this module.
		5. Add New User:
			New User can be added by the admin.
	User Operation:
		After proper authentication, the user is allowed to perform the following operations.
		1. Purchase:
			All products available in the store will be displayed in the page.
			The user can add the product to the cart or to the wishlist.
		2. Viewing Cart:
			The user can view the products in the cart.
			The product in the cart can also be updated by increasing the quantity of product or can be deleted. 
		3. Viewing Wish List:
			The product available in the particular user's wishlist can be loaded in this page.
			User can also remove the product from the wishlist .
		4. Reset Password:
			User can reset the password, if needed
		5. Update Address:
			User can View the old address and updated if needed.
		6. Update Payment Details:
			User can update their payment details at any time needed.
Mongo Scheme:
	Login:
		_id :optional
		email (unique)
		password
	Products:
		_id: optional
		product id (unique)
		product name
		brand
		category 
		price
		quantity
	Users:
		_id: optional
		name
		email (unique)
		phone number
		street
		city
		state
		country
		zip code
		Credit card name
		credit card number
		expiry date
		ccv
		items in card, if any
		items in wishlist, if any

Github Link: https://github.com/SUBHALISHA/Capstone-OnlineShopping.git
			

	
	
